=head1 Version history for C<data-default>

=over

=item 0.8.0.0

Release date: 2024-10-23

=over

=item *

The split into multiple packages (C<data-default-class>,
C<data-default-instances-*>) is gone. There is only C<data-default> now (with
no dependencies on C<data-default-class> or anything).

=item *

C<data-default> only depends on C<containers> and C<base> now (but requires C<<
base >= 4.8 >>).

=item *

The C<Default> instances for C<Data.DList> and C<System.Locale> are gone (but
could be revived with updated versions of C<data-default-instances-dlist> and
C<data-default-instances-old-locale> in the future?).

=item *

The C<Default> instances for C<< e -> a >> and C<IO a> have been removed.

=item *

The "generic" default C<Default> instance now supports sum types as well (by
always choosing the left constructor).

=item *

The internal C<GDefault> type is now semi-public (in the
C<Data.Default.Internal> module) and has stub documentation.

=item *

New instances:

=over

=item *

Tuples of size up to 31 (previously 7)

=item *

C<Identity>

=item *

C<Const>

=item *

C<Proxy>

=item *

C<Solo>

=item *

C<Bool>

=item *

C<CBool>

=item *

C<Ptr>

=item *

C<ConstPtr>

=item *

C<FunPtr>

=item *

C<IntPtr>

=item *

C<WordPtr>

=back

=back

=item 0.7.1.3

Release date: 2024-10-17

=over

=item *

Add upper version bounds on all dependencies.

=item *

Add cabal description.

=back

=item 0.7.1.2

Release date: 2024-10-13

=over

=item *

Add proper haddock module headers in each module.

=item *

Update F<.cabal> file to C<cabal-version: 3.0> format.

=item *

No changes to the license itself, but keep the wording/formatting consistent in
all license files/headers/tags.

=item *

Make the (rudimentary) test runnable by cabal and add it to the F<.cabal> file.

=back

=item 0.7.1.1

Release date: 2016-06-25

=over

=item *

Remove C<data-default-instances-base> dependency.

=back

=item 0.7.1

Release date: 2016-06-12

=over

=item *

Support C<GHC.Generics> in ghc 7.4 (previously: 7.6+).

=back

=item 0.7.0

Release date: 2016-05-21

=over

=item *

Add instances for the numeric types from C<Foreign.C.Types>.

=back

=item 0.6.0

Release date: 2016-04-17

=over

=item *

Add support for C<GHC.Generics> in ghc 7.6+.

=back

=item 0.5.2

Release date: 2016-04-02

=over

=item *

Split code into several packages (C<data-default-class>,
C<data-default-instances-*>), which C<data-default> simply re-exports.

=back

=item 0.5.1

Release date: 2013-03-07

=over

=item *

Add instances for tuples of length 6 and 7.

=back

=item 0.5.0

Release date: 2012-06-18

=over

=item *

Add instances for types in C<Data.Int> and C<Data.Word>.

=back

=item 0.4.0

Release date: 2012-03-30

=over

=item *

Add C<Complex> instance.

=item *

Add C<TimeLocale> instance (from C<old-locale>).

=back

=item 0.3.0

Release date: 2011-08-08

=over 

=item *

Add instances for C<IntMap>, C<IntSet>, C<Seq>, and C<Tree> (from
C<containers>).

=item *

Add internal basic tests.

=item *

Track changes in git.

=item *

Add instances for C<Ordering>, C<All>, C<Any>, C<Dual>, C<Endo>, C<Sum>,
C<Product>. C<First>, C<Last>, C<DList>.

=item *

Add instances for tuples of length 2 to 5.

=back

=item 0.2.0.1

Release date: 2011-01-02

=over

=item *

Add F<LICENSE> file.

=item *

Add version bounds on C<base> dependency.

=back

=item 0.2 (first version)

Release date: 2008-05-21

=over

=item *

Initial upload.

=item *

Instances provided: C<Double>, C<Float>, C<Int>, C<Integer>, C<()>, C<[a]>,
C<Ratio>, C<IO>, C<Maybe>, C<Set>, C<< e -> a >>, C<Map>.

=back

=back
